0x06-python-classes/README.md, before:

Short description of each script:
+ 0-square.py: An empty class Square that defines a square.
+ 1-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. We have the private instance attribute: size.
+ 2-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0.
+ 3-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area.
+ 4-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. 
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script 5-square.py and upload README.md file

0x06-python-classes/README.md, after:

Short description of each script:
+ 0-square.py: An empty class Square that defines a square.
+ 1-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. We have the private instance attribute: size.
+ 2-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0.
+ 3-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area.
+ 4-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. 
+ 5-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Public instance method: def my_print(self): that prints in stdout the square with the character #.
+
