Short description of each script:
+ 0-square.py: An empty class Square that defines a square.
+ 1-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. We have the private instance attribute: size.
+ 2-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0.
+ 3-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size. Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0): size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area.
+ 4-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. 
+ 5-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Public instance method: def my_print(self): that prints in stdout the square with the character #.
+ 6-square.py: A class Square that defines a square. Private instance attribute: size: property def size(self): to retrieve it. Property setter def size(self, value): to set it: size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer. If size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0. Private instance attribute: position: property def position(self): to retrieve it. property setter def position(self, value): to set it:position must be a tuple of 2 positive integers, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message position must be a tuple of 2 positive integers. Instantiation with optional size and optional position: def __init__(self, size=0, position=(0, 0)):. Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area. Public instance method: def my_print(self): that prints in stdout the square with the character #: if size is equal to 0, print an empty line. Position should be use by using space - Don’t fill lines by spaces when position[1] > 0.
