0x0D-SQL_introduction/README.md, before:

A short description of each script:
+ 0-list_databases.sql: A script that lists all databases of your MySQL server.
+ 1-create_database_if_missing.sql: A script that creates the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. If the database hbtn_0c_0 already exists, don't fail.
+ 2-remove_database.sql: A script that deletes the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. If the database hbtn_0c_0 doesn’t exist, don't fail.
+ 3-list_tables.sql: A script that lists all the tables of a database in your MySQL server. The database name will be passed as argument of mysql command.
+ 4-first_table.sql: A script that creates a table called first_table in the current database in your MySQL server. first_table description: id INT, name VARCHAR(256).
+ 5-full_table.sql: Script that prints the full description of the table first_table from the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 6-list_values.sql: Script that lists all rows of the table first_table from the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 7-insert_value.sql: Script that inserts a new row in the table first_table (database hbtn_0c_0) in your MySQL server.
+ 8-count_89.sql: cript that displays the number of records with id = 89 in the table first_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 9-full_creation.sql: Script that creates a table second_table in the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server and add multiples rows. second_table description:
id INT, name VARCHAR(256), score INT. Create these records: id = 1, name = “John”, score = 10; id = 2, name = “Alex”, score = 3; id = 3, name = “Bob”, score = 14; id = 4, name = “George”, score = 8.
+ 10-top_score.sql: Script that lists all records of the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Results should display both the score and the name (in this order). Records should be ordered by score (top first).
+ 11-best_score.sql: Script that lists all records with a score >= 10 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Results should display both the score and the name (in this order). Records should be ordered by score (top first).
+ 12-no_cheating.sql: Script that updates the score of Bob to 10 in the table second_table.
+ 13-change_class.sql: Script that removes all records with a score <= 5 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 14-average.sql: Script that computes the score average of all records in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. The result column name should be average.
+ 15-groups.sql: Script that lists the number of records with the same score in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. The result should display: the score and the number of records for this score with the label number. The list should be sorted by the number of records (descending).
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script 16-no_link.sql and update README file

0x0D-SQL_introduction/README.md, after:

A short description of each script:
+ 0-list_databases.sql: A script that lists all databases of your MySQL server.
+ 1-create_database_if_missing.sql: A script that creates the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. If the database hbtn_0c_0 already exists, don't fail.
+ 2-remove_database.sql: A script that deletes the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. If the database hbtn_0c_0 doesn’t exist, don't fail.
+ 3-list_tables.sql: A script that lists all the tables of a database in your MySQL server. The database name will be passed as argument of mysql command.
+ 4-first_table.sql: A script that creates a table called first_table in the current database in your MySQL server. first_table description: id INT, name VARCHAR(256).
+ 5-full_table.sql: Script that prints the full description of the table first_table from the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 6-list_values.sql: Script that lists all rows of the table first_table from the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 7-insert_value.sql: Script that inserts a new row in the table first_table (database hbtn_0c_0) in your MySQL server.
+ 8-count_89.sql: cript that displays the number of records with id = 89 in the table first_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 9-full_creation.sql: Script that creates a table second_table in the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server and add multiples rows. second_table description:
id INT, name VARCHAR(256), score INT. Create these records: id = 1, name = “John”, score = 10; id = 2, name = “Alex”, score = 3; id = 3, name = “Bob”, score = 14; id = 4, name = “George”, score = 8.
+ 10-top_score.sql: Script that lists all records of the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Results should display both the score and the name (in this order). Records should be ordered by score (top first).
+ 11-best_score.sql: Script that lists all records with a score >= 10 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Results should display both the score and the name (in this order). Records should be ordered by score (top first).
+ 12-no_cheating.sql: Script that updates the score of Bob to 10 in the table second_table.
+ 13-change_class.sql: Script that removes all records with a score <= 5 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server.
+ 14-average.sql: Script that computes the score average of all records in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. The result column name should be average.
+ 15-groups.sql: Script that lists the number of records with the same score in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. The result should display: the score and the number of records for this score with the label number. The list should be sorted by the number of records (descending).
+ 16-no_link.sql: Script that lists all records of the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Don’t list rows without a name value. Results should display the score and the name (in this order). Records should be listed by descending score.
