0x0A-python-inheritance/README.md, before:

A short description of each file:
+ 0-lookup.py: A function that returns the list of available attributes and methods of an object.
+ 1-my_list.py: A class MyList that inherits from list.
+ 2-is_same_class.py: A function that returns True if the object is exactly an instance of the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 3-is_kind_of_class.py: A function that returns True if the object is an instance of, or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from, the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 4-inherits_from.py: A function that returns True if the object is an instance of a class that inherited (directly or indirectly) from the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 5-base_geometry.py: An empty class BaseGeometry.
+ 6-base_geometry.py: A class BaseGeometry. With a public instance method: def area(self): that raises an Exception with the message area() is not implemented.
+ 7-base_geometry.py: A class BaseGeometry. With a public instance method: def area(self): that raises an Exception with the message area() is not implemented. Public instance method: def integer_validator(self, name, value): that validates value as an integer.
+ 8-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that inherits from BaseGeometry (7-base_geometry.py). width and height must be positive integers, validated by integer_validator (class BaseGeometry).
+ 9-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that inherits from BaseGeometry (7-base_geometry.py). width and height must be positive integers, validated by integer_validator (class BaseGeometry). The area() method are implemented.
+ 10-square.py: A class Square that inherits from Rectangle (9-rectangle.py).
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script 11-square.py and upload README file

0x0A-python-inheritance/README.md, after:

A short description of each file:
+ 0-lookup.py: A function that returns the list of available attributes and methods of an object.
+ 1-my_list.py: A class MyList that inherits from list.
+ 2-is_same_class.py: A function that returns True if the object is exactly an instance of the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 3-is_kind_of_class.py: A function that returns True if the object is an instance of, or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from, the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 4-inherits_from.py: A function that returns True if the object is an instance of a class that inherited (directly or indirectly) from the specified class ; otherwise False.
+ 5-base_geometry.py: An empty class BaseGeometry.
+ 6-base_geometry.py: A class BaseGeometry. With a public instance method: def area(self): that raises an Exception with the message area() is not implemented.
+ 7-base_geometry.py: A class BaseGeometry. With a public instance method: def area(self): that raises an Exception with the message area() is not implemented. Public instance method: def integer_validator(self, name, value): that validates value as an integer.
+ 8-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that inherits from BaseGeometry (7-base_geometry.py). width and height must be positive integers, validated by integer_validator (class BaseGeometry).
+ 9-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that inherits from BaseGeometry (7-base_geometry.py). width and height must be positive integers, validated by integer_validator (class BaseGeometry). The area() method are implemented.
+ 10-square.py: A class Square that inherits from Rectangle (9-rectangle.py).
+ 11-square.py: A class Square that inherits from Rectangle (9-rectangle.py). (task based on 10-square.py). The area() method are implemented.
