0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions/README.md, before:

A short description of each script:
+ 0-positive_or_negative.py: This program will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed, and print if the random number is positive, zero or negative.
+ 1-last_digit.py: This program will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed. The program print the last digit of the number stored in the variable number, and if the last digit is greater than 5 or 0 or less han 6 and not 0.
+ 2-print_alphabet.py: A program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, not followed by a new line.
+ 3-print_alphabt.py: A program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, except the letters q and e, not followed by a new line.
+ 4-print_hexa.py: This program prints all numbers from 0 to 98 in decimal and in hexadecimal.
+ 5-print_comb2.py: This program prints numbers from 0 to 99, printed in ascending order, separated by a comma and a space. Print two digits and the last number followed by a new line.
+ 6-print_comb3.py: This program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits. Numbers are separated by comma, followed by a space. The two digits are different and print only the smallest combination of two digits. Numbers be printed in ascending order, with two digits. The last number be followed by a new line.
+ 7-islower.py: This program have a function that checks for lowercase character. Returns True if c is lowercase or False otherwise.
+ 8-uppercase.py: Function that prints a string in uppercase followed by a new line.
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script - 9-print_last_digit.py and upload README.md file

0x01-python-if_else_loops_functions/README.md, after:

A short description of each script:
+ 0-positive_or_negative.py: This program will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed, and print if the random number is positive, zero or negative.
+ 1-last_digit.py: This program will assign a random signed number to the variable number each time it is executed. The program print the last digit of the number stored in the variable number, and if the last digit is greater than 5 or 0 or less han 6 and not 0.
+ 2-print_alphabet.py: A program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, not followed by a new line.
+ 3-print_alphabt.py: A program that prints the ASCII alphabet, in lowercase, except the letters q and e, not followed by a new line.
+ 4-print_hexa.py: This program prints all numbers from 0 to 98 in decimal and in hexadecimal.
+ 5-print_comb2.py: This program prints numbers from 0 to 99, printed in ascending order, separated by a comma and a space. Print two digits and the last number followed by a new line.
+ 6-print_comb3.py: This program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits. Numbers are separated by comma, followed by a space. The two digits are different and print only the smallest combination of two digits. Numbers be printed in ascending order, with two digits. The last number be followed by a new line.
+ 7-islower.py: This program have a function that checks for lowercase character. Returns True if c is lowercase or False otherwise.
+ 8-uppercase.py: Function that prints a string in uppercase followed by a new line.
+ 9-print_last_digit.py: A function that prints the last digit of a number.
+
