0x08-python-more_classes/README.md, before:

Short description of each script:
+ 0-rectangle.py: An empty class Rectangle that defines a rectangle.
+ 1-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0.
+ 2-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter.
+ 3-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter. print() and str() should print the rectangle with the character #.
+ 4-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter. print() and str() should print the rectangle with the character #. repr() should return a string representation of the rectangle to be able to recreate a new instance by using eval().
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script 5-rectangle.py and upload README.md file

0x08-python-more_classes/README.md, after:

Short description of each script:
+ 0-rectangle.py: An empty class Rectangle that defines a rectangle.
+ 1-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0.
+ 2-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter.
+ 3-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter. print() and str() should print the rectangle with the character #.
+ 4-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter. print() and str() should print the rectangle with the character #. repr() should return a string representation of the rectangle to be able to recreate a new instance by using eval().
+ 5-rectangle.py: A class Rectangle that defines a rectangle. Private instance attributes: width and height: property def width(self) or def height(self): to retrieve it, property setter def width(self, value) or def height(self, value): to set it: width and height must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message width or height must be an integer. If width or height is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message width or height must be >= 0. A public instance method: def area(self): that returns the rectangle area. Public instance method: def perimeter(self): that returns the rectangle perimeter. print() and str() should print the rectangle with the character #. repr() should return a string representation of the rectangle to be able to recreate a new instance by using eval(). Print the message Bye rectangle... (... being 3 dots not ellipsis) when an instance of Rectangle is deleted.
+
