0x04-python-more_data_structures/README.md, before:

Short descriptions about each script:
+ 0-square_matrix_simple.py: A function that computes the square value of all integers of a matrix.
+ 1-search_replace.py: A function that replaces all occurrences of an element by another in a new list.
+ 2-uniq_add.py: A function that adds all unique integers in a list (only once for each integer).
+ 3-common_elements.py: A function that returns a set of common elements in two sets.
+ 4-only_diff_elements.py: A function that returns a set of all elements present in only one set.
+ 5-number_keys.py: A function that returns the number of keys in a dictionary.
+ 6-print_sorted_dictionary.py: A function that prints a dictionary by ordered keys.
+ 7-update_dictionary.py: A function that replaces or adds key/value in a dictionary.
+ 8-simple_delete.py: A function that deletes a key in a dictionary.
+ 9-multiply_by_2.py: A function that returns a new dictionary with all values multiplied by 2.
+ 10-best_score.py: A function that returns a key with the biggest integer value.
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add development script - 11-multiply_list_map.py and upload README.md file

0x04-python-more_data_structures/README.md, after:

Short descriptions about each script:
+ 0-square_matrix_simple.py: A function that computes the square value of all integers of a matrix.
+ 1-search_replace.py: A function that replaces all occurrences of an element by another in a new list.
+ 2-uniq_add.py: A function that adds all unique integers in a list (only once for each integer).
+ 3-common_elements.py: A function that returns a set of common elements in two sets.
+ 4-only_diff_elements.py: A function that returns a set of all elements present in only one set.
+ 5-number_keys.py: A function that returns the number of keys in a dictionary.
+ 6-print_sorted_dictionary.py: A function that prints a dictionary by ordered keys.
+ 7-update_dictionary.py: A function that replaces or adds key/value in a dictionary.
+ 8-simple_delete.py: A function that deletes a key in a dictionary.
+ 9-multiply_by_2.py: A function that returns a new dictionary with all values multiplied by 2.
+ 10-best_score.py: A function that returns a key with the biggest integer value.
+ 11-multiply_list_map.py: Write a function that returns a list with all values multiplied by a number without using any loops. Returns a new list: Same length as my_list and each value should be multiplied by number.
