0x03-python-data_structures/README.md, before:

This is a short description of each script:
+ 0-print_list_integer.py: A function that prints all integers of a list, one integer per line.
+ 1-element_at.py: A function that retrieves an element from a list. If the index is negative or is greater than the number of elements in the list, the function return None. 
+ 2-replace_in_list.py: A function that replaces an element of a list at a specific position.
+ 3-print_reversed_list_integer.py: A function that prints all integers of a list, in reverse order.
+ 4-new_in_list.py: A function that replaces an element in a list at a specific position without modifying the original list.
+ 5-no_c.py: A function that removes all characters c and C from a string.
+ 6-print_matrix_integer.py: A function that prints a matrix of integers.
+ 7-add_tuple.py: A function that adds 2 tuples. Returns a tuple with 2 integers: The first element will be the addition of the first element of each argument. The second element will be the addition of the second element of each argument.
+ 8-multiple_returns.py: A function that returns a tuple with the length of a string and its first character.
+ 9-max_integer.py: A function that finds the biggest integer of a list.
+ 10-divisible_by_2.py: A function that finds all multiples of 2 in a list. Return a new list with True of False, depending on whether the integer at the same position in the original list is a multiple of 2.
+ 11-delete_at.py: A function that deletes the item at a specific position in a list. If idx is negative or out of range, nothing change (returns the same list).
+

Commit message:

:hammer: Add a development script - 12-switch.py and upload README.md file

0x03-python-data_structures/README.md, after:

This is a short description of each script:
+ 0-print_list_integer.py: A function that prints all integers of a list, one integer per line.
+ 1-element_at.py: A function that retrieves an element from a list. If the index is negative or is greater than the number of elements in the list, the function return None. 
+ 2-replace_in_list.py: A function that replaces an element of a list at a specific position.
+ 3-print_reversed_list_integer.py: A function that prints all integers of a list, in reverse order.
+ 4-new_in_list.py: A function that replaces an element in a list at a specific position without modifying the original list.
+ 5-no_c.py: A function that removes all characters c and C from a string.
+ 6-print_matrix_integer.py: A function that prints a matrix of integers.
+ 7-add_tuple.py: A function that adds 2 tuples. Returns a tuple with 2 integers: The first element will be the addition of the first element of each argument. The second element will be the addition of the second element of each argument.
+ 8-multiple_returns.py: A function that returns a tuple with the length of a string and its first character.
+ 9-max_integer.py: A function that finds the biggest integer of a list.
+ 10-divisible_by_2.py: A function that finds all multiples of 2 in a list. Return a new list with True of False, depending on whether the integer at the same position in the original list is a multiple of 2.
+ 11-delete_at.py: A function that deletes the item at a specific position in a list. If idx is negative or out of range, nothing change (returns the same list).
+ 12-switch.py: A function to switch value of a and b.
 12-switch.py: A function to switch value of a and b.
+
