0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, before:

## :pencil2: Python - Hello World!
This folder contains some useful scripts with basic Python and Python-related shell commands to run python scripts or code. Also, programs to print strings, integers, float numbers, and how to obtain substrings or to concatenate strings. Finally, we also have C script that allow to detect if there is a cycle in a linked list. 

### Requirements:
All commands were tested on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. Although the commands might work well on other distributions, versions or operative systems. The Python linter was PEP8, and the version of Python was Python 3.4.3. 

### Usage:
Verify that the files have execution permissions before being used! **If not, use the following command:**

    chmod u+x name_of_file ###To make the file executable

For the shell and Python scripts, the way to execute them is by putting a period and a slash before the command name. As follows:

    ./name_of_file ###To execute the file

For the C file, we need to use the compiler GCC:

    gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic all_the_c_files.c -o output_name

### Executable files:

Here a short description of each script:
+ [0-run](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/0-run): A Shell script that runs a Python script.
+ [1-run_inline](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/1-run_inline): A Shell script that runs Python code.
+ [2-print.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/2-print.py): A Python script that prints exactly "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle, followed by a new line.
+ [3-print_number.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/3-print_number.py): A Python script that print the integer stored in the variable number, followed by Battery street, followed by a new line.
+ [4-print_float.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/4-print_float.py): A Python script that print the float stored in the variable number, with a precision of 2 digits, followed by a new line. 
+ [5-print_string.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/5-print_string.py): A Python script that print 3 times a string stored in the variable str, followed by its first 9 characters.
+ [6-concat.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/6-concat.py): A Python script that print 'Welcome to Holberton School!'.
+ [7-edges.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/7-edges.py): A Python script that print substrings of original string using index (strings can be indexed or subscripted).
+ [8-concat_edges.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/8-concat_edges.py): A Python script that print "object-oriented programming with Python" extracting substrings from a original string, using index.
+ [9-easter_egg.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/9-easter_egg.py): A Python script that prints "The Zen of Python", by TimPeters, followed by a new line.
+ [10-check_cycle.c](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/10-check_cycle.c): A C function that checks if a singly linked list has a cycle in it.
+ [100-write.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/100-write.py): A Python script that prints exactly and that piece of art is useful - Dora Korpar, 2015-10-19, followed by a new line, using write from the sys module instead print.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg5NTMyMjgxMl19
-->

Commit message:

:hammer: Add a development script - 101-compile and upload README.md file

0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, after:

## :pencil2: Python - Hello World!
This folder contains some useful scripts with basic Python and Python-related shell commands to run python scripts or code. Also, programs to print strings, integers, float numbers, and how to obtain substrings or to concatenate strings. Finally, we also have C script that allow to detect if there is a cycle in a linked list. 

### Requirements:
All commands were tested on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. Although the commands might work well on other distributions, versions or operative systems. The Python linter was PEP8, and the version of Python was Python 3.4.3. 

### Usage:
Verify that the files have execution permissions before being used! **If not, use the following command:**

    chmod u+x name_of_file ###To make the file executable

For the shell and Python scripts, the way to execute them is by putting a period and a slash before the command name. As follows:

    ./name_of_file ###To execute the file

For the C file, we need to use the compiler GCC:

    gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic all_the_c_files.c -o output_name

### Executable files:

Here a short description of each script:
+ [0-run](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/0-run): A Shell script that runs a Python script.
+ [1-run_inline](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/1-run_inline): A Shell script that runs Python code.
+ [2-print.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/2-print.py): A Python script that prints exactly "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle, followed by a new line.
+ [3-print_number.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/3-print_number.py): A Python script that print the integer stored in the variable number, followed by Battery street, followed by a new line.
+ [4-print_float.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/4-print_float.py): A Python script that print the float stored in the variable number, with a precision of 2 digits, followed by a new line. 
+ [5-print_string.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/5-print_string.py): A Python script that print 3 times a string stored in the variable str, followed by its first 9 characters.
+ [6-concat.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/6-concat.py): A Python script that print 'Welcome to Holberton School!'.
+ [7-edges.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/7-edges.py): A Python script that print substrings of original string using index (strings can be indexed or subscripted).
+ [8-concat_edges.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/8-concat_edges.py): A Python script that print "object-oriented programming with Python" extracting substrings from a original string, using index.
+ [9-easter_egg.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/9-easter_egg.py): A Python script that prints "The Zen of Python", by TimPeters, followed by a new line.
+ [10-check_cycle.c](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/10-check_cycle.c): A C function that checks if a singly linked list has a cycle in it.
+ [100-write.py](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/100-write.py): A Python script that prints exactly and that piece of art is useful - Dora Korpar, 2015-10-19, followed by a new line, using write from the sys module instead print.
+ [101-compile](https://github.com/dmhenaopa/holbertonschool-higher_level_programming/blob/master/0x00-python-hello_world/101-compile): A script that compiles a Python script file using compileall module in Python.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTg5NTMyMjgxMl19
-->
